FIx the broken link for General Contribution Flow page (#6171)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/project/contributing/contributing.md

## <a name="contributing">General Contribution Flow</a>

> To contribute to Meshery, from creating a fork to creating pull request, please follow the basic fork-and-pull request workflow described [here]({{site.baseurl}}/docs/CONTRIBUTING-gitflow.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To contribute to Meshery, from creating a fork to creating pull request, please follow the basic fork-and-pull request workflow described [here]({{site.baseurl}}/project/contributing/contributing-gitflow).
```
